<p>Today I should attend an interview of Apple Store in Shanghai University of Finance and Economics. After having lunch, I started to prepare the documents required. I washed my hair, did a number 2 and thought if I should wear a suit. Since it's cold and I didn't take it too serious, so I just wear some casual clothes and try to be serious. I didn't realize I had spent too much time on this and that. After I went out, I knew I might be late. </p><p><br></p><p>I took on a bus and interchanged two subways. If only I knew exactly where the university is! I have been to Fudan University, which is said to be so close to SUFE where I also knew someone but never get there. It was the first time for me to find where it is. I searched it on the Internet, and it says it's&nbsp;up to the north of Fudan University. So I arrived at a crossing, Fudan on my&nbsp;left hand side, and I went straight ahead! I thought SUFE should be at my right hand. I walked and walked for a long way, and didn't see any sign of a university there until I caught a sight on several buildings with orange and white bricks. I guess here it is. But when I went there, I felt frustrated. It is a HOSTPITAL... I realized that I&nbsp;had been&nbsp;on a wrong way since that crossing. And I knew I should turn right. I saw the road ahead turn right. So I went on. But after I got there, the road turns right and then turns left again! I felt upset. I was already five minutes late. I thought of the mail from Apple Store saying DO NOT BE LATE. Fine, maybe I should went back. But I was so close to the university I have never visited. So I still went back to that crossing and chose another way&nbsp;where I was pretty sure the school gate was. Finally I got there. Very far from Fudan University, it must be mistakenly marked on the Internet, which made me a victim... These two university are a little alike. But SUFE is less famous and much smaller than Fudan. The buildings in SUFE are also not so beautiful as those in Fudan. </p><p><br></p><p>I standed outside the classroom, where a mother was waiting for his daughter, who was group discussing inside. I asked her if I still had a chance to join. From her accent I knew she was from central or south China; she told me I better ask someone else who&nbsp;had been&nbsp;here just now. I wait for a while. And&nbsp;a pretty young and tall girl suddenly turned up in the corridor and walked toward us. I walked to her and told her my situation. She's not only pretty but also nice and kind, telling me to&nbsp;leave a&nbsp;phone number so that she could&nbsp;rearrange an interview. From her accent I guess she is from Beijing. I thanked her and went back. </p><p><br></p><p>The girl said there would be another interview two weeks later. But I didn't tell her that I am very likely to have another intern to do at that time. And it would be my first full time job. </p><p><br></p><p>In fact, I don't feel like a job now. I want to go further study in America. I guess most people around me think so. Four years of study, I don't know exactly what I've learned. So I want to learn more and I am confident that I could do well in academic circle. Why I still search jobs? It's question about reality--because I don't have enough money, and I don't want money from my parents or my relatives. So, that's my situation. I will see. I will not easily break my dream, my academic dream.</p>